{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red247\green247\blue251;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green73\blue64;\red255\green39\blue18;\red29\green48\blue13;\red217\green11\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c91373;\csgenericrgb\c96863\c96863\c98431;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c99608\c28627\c25098;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c15294\c7059;\csgenericrgb\c11373\c18824\c5098;\csgenericrgb\c85098\c4314\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17740\viewh14680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf0 http://infohost.nmt.edu/~armiller/pascal.htm\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs62 \cf0 Pascal Programs for\
Scientists and Engineers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf0 by Alan R. Miller\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs38 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf0 T
\fs38 he following listings are from my book: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://infohost.nmt.edu/~armiller/books.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Borland Pascal Programs for Scientists and Engineers}}, Copyright \'a9 1993, (SYBEX) ISBN 0-7821-1150-5\

\fs50 T
\fs38 hese Pascal programs can be viewed or downloaded. To view a file, click the left mouse button on the file name. Then, parts of the file can be copied by dragging the left mouse button through the text (and pressing ^C if in MS Windows). Paste the information in another application with the middle mouse button (X Window) or by pressing ^V (MS Windows).\

\fs50 D
\fs38 ownload a copy of a file by clicking with the right mouse button and picking "Save Target/Link As" from the menu. In the dialog box, select the directory where you want it to be saved.\

\fs50 T
\fs38 hese programs are designed to run with the Windows version of Borland Pascal. Therefore, for the DOS version, two changes must be made:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Change the third line to: 
\b USES Crt
\b0 \
{\listtext	2.	}Remove the next to last line: 
\b DoneWinCrt
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf0 F
\fs38 \cb3 ile names for the original Pascal source programs are given in one of three ways:\
\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 1. Main programs have the corresponding figure number. For example:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}LIST11 is from Listing 1.1\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}LIST11-1 is from Listing 11.1\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}LIST11D is the double-precision version of Listing 1.1\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 2. Procedures have the INCLUDE name and appear first. For example:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}SQUARE is Listing 3.2\
{\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}GAUSSJ is Listing 4.4\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
3. Main programs created by combining listings, have the main program name For Example: NEWTON4 combines Listing 8.3 and 8.4\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 1.1}}
\b \cf0 , Testing floating-point operations.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 	\cb4 list11.pas = PROGRAM Test\cb1 \
	\cb4 TestRngFPN.pas\cb1 \
	TestRngFPN.py\
	\cb4 TestRngFPN.R\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list12.pas"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 1.2}}, Testing the Ln and Exp functions.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \cb5 	\cb4 list12.pas = PROGRAM Tlog\cb1 \
	\cb4 TestLog.pas\cb1 \
	TestLog.py\
	\cb4 TestLog.R\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list16.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 1.6}}
\b , Testing the arc sine and arc tangent functions.
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	list16.pas = PROGRAM Tasin\
	TestAsin.pas\
	TestAsin.py\
	TestAsin.R\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list22.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 2.2}}
\b , Calculating the mean and standard deviation.
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	list22.pas = PROGRAM Means\
	Means.pas\
	Means.py\
	Means.R\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list23.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 2.3}}
\b , Testing the built-in random-number generator.
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	list23.pas = PROGRAM Rantst\
	RanTest.pas\
	RanTest.py\
	RanTest.R\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/randg.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 2.4}}
\b , A function to generate Gaussian distributed random numbers.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 		randg.pas = FUNCTION Randg\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	randg.py\
	randg.R\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list25.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 2.5}}
\b , Testing the Gaussian random-number generator.
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	list25.pas = PROGRAM Rantst\
	RandgTest.pas\
	RandgTest.py\
	RandgTest.R\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list31.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 3.1}}
\b , Matrix multiplication program.
\b0 \
	list31.pas = PROGRAM Matr1\
	Matr1.pas\
	Matr1.py\
	Matr1.R\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/square.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Listing 3.2}}
\b , Procedure Square.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 	square.pas = PROCEDURE Square\
	square.py\
	square.R\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list33.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 3.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , The determinant of a 3-by-3 matrix.
\b0 \
	list33.pas = PROGRAM Determ\
	Determ.pas\
	Determ.py\cf6 \
\cf0 	Determ.R\cf2 \ul \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list41.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 4.1}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Solution of three linear equations by Cramer's rule.
\b0 \
	list41.pas = PROGRAM Simq1\
	Simq1.pas\
	Simq1.py\cf7 \
	Simp1.R\cf2 \ul \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list42.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 4.2}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Simultaneous solution by Gauss elimination.
\b0 \
	list42.pas = PROGRAM Gaus\
	Gaus.pas\
\cf7 	Gaus.py\
	Gaus.R\cf2 \ul \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list43.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 4.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Solution of simultaneous equations by Gauss-Jordan elimination.
\b0 \
	list43.pas = PROGRAM Solvgj\
	Solvgj.pas\
\cf7 	Solvgj.py\
	Solvgj.R\cf0 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/gaussj.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul Listing 4.4}}
\b , The Gauss-Jordan elimination procedure.\

\b0 	Gaussj.pas = PROCEDURE Guassj\
\cf7 	Gaussj.py\
	Gaussj.R\cf0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list45.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 4.5}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Solution of simultaneous equations and matrix inversion by Gauss-Jordan elimination method (multiple constant vectors may be entered).
\b0 \
	list45.pas = PROGRAM Solvgv\
	Solvgv.pas\
\cf6 	Solvgv.py\
	Solvgv.R\cf0 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list46.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul Listing 4.6}}
\b , Solution of a set if ill-conditioned equations.
\b0 \
	list46.pas = PROGRAM Hilbert\
	Hilbert.pas\
\cf7 	Hilbert.py\
	Hilbert.R\cf0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list47.htm"}}{\fldrslt Listing 4.7}}\cf0 \ulnone , Reading the data from a disk file.\
	list47.pas = PROGRAM Fitfile\
	Fitfile.pas\
\cf7 	Fitfile.py\
	Fitfile.R\
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list48.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Listing 4.8}}, The best fit to a set of linear equations.\
	list48.pas = PROGRAM Solvgj (same name as Listing 4.3)\
	Solvgj2.pas\
\cf7 	Solvgj2.py\
	Solvgj2.R\cf0 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list49.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Listing 4.9}}, Simultaneous solution of equations with complex coefficients.\
	list49.pas = PROGRAM Solvec\
	Solvec.pas\
\cf7 	Solvec.py\
	Solvec.R\cf2 \ul \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list4-10.htm"}}{\fldrslt Listing 4.10}}\cf0 \ulnone , Solution of linear equations by Gauss-Seidel method.\
\cf8 	list4-10.pas = PROGRAM Gausid\
	Gausid.pas\
\cf9 	Gausid.py\
	Gausid.R\cf8 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list51.pas"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul Listing 5.1}}\cf0 , The beginning of a curve-fitting program.\
	list51.pas = PROGRAM Cfit1\
	Cfit1.pas\
\cf7 	Cfit1.py\
	Cfit1.R\cf0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/plot.htm"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.2}}\cf0 \ulnone , A plotting procedure.\
	plot.pas = PROCEDURE Plot\
\cf7 	plot.py\
	plot.R\cf0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list53.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.3}}\cf0 \ulnone , Adding a call to procedure Plot.\
	list53.pas = code fragment used in \cf6 X\cf0 \
\cf7 	list53.py\
	list53.R\cf0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list54.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.4}}\cf0 \ulnone , Procedure Linfit to simulate a linear fit.\
	list54.pas = PROCEDURE Linfit\
\cf7 	Linfit.pas\
	Linfit.py\
	Linfit.R\cf0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list55.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.5}}\cf0 \ulnone , The revised procedure Write_Data.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list56.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.6}}\cf0 \ulnone , The current main program.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list57.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.7}}\cf0 \ulnone , Procedure Linfit to generate a least-squares fit.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list58.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 5.8}}\cf0 \ulnone , The complete curve-fitting program.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list61.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 6.1}}\cf0 \ulnone , Program to test the sorting routines.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list63.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 6.3}}\cf0 \ulnone , A bubble-sort routine.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list64.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 6.4}}\cf0 \ulnone , A Shell sort routine.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list65.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 6.5}}\cf0 \ulnone , A recursive quick sort.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list66.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 6.6}}\cf0 \ulnone , A program to sort alphabetic data on disk.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list71.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 7.1}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , A parabolic least-squares fit.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list72.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 7.2}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , A parabolic least-squares fit using Gauss-Jordan elimination.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list73.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 7.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Inputting the polylnomial order from the keyboard.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list74.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 7.4}}\cf0 \ulnone , Procedures Get_Data and Linfit for the heat-capacity equation.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list75.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 7.5}}\cf0 \ulnone , Procedure Get_Data and Linfit for the vapor pressure equation.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list76.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 7.6}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , An equation of state for steam.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list81.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 8.1}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Newton's method, version one.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list82.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 8.2}}\cf0 \ulnone , The main program for the second version.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list83.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 8.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Newton's method with a test for zero slope.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list84.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 8.4}}\cf0 \ulnone , Newton's method with a loop counter.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list85.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 8.5}}\cf0 \ulnone , Procedure Func for e
\fs34 \super x
\fs38 \nosupersub  = 4x.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list86.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 8.6}}\cf0 \ulnone , The solution of Sin(X) = x/10.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list87.pas"}}{\fldrslt Listing 8.7}}\cf0 \ulnone , Solution of the vapor pressure equation.\
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list91.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 9.1}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Numerical integration by the trapezoidal method.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list92.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 9.2}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , An improved trapezoidal method.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list93.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 9.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Numerical integration by Simpson's method.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list94.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 9.4}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Numerical integration by the Romberg method.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list95.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 9.5}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Programming the Romberg method with adjustable panels.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list10-1.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 10.1}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Fitting the Clausing factor to the ratio of two polynomials.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list10-2.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 10.2}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , A least-squares fit to the linearized exponential equation.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list10-3.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 10.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone ,  A least-squares fit to the nonlinearized exponential function.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11-1.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 11.1}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Calculating the Gaussian error function with Simpson's method.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11-2.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 11.2}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone ,  An infinite series expansion for the Gaussian error function.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11-3.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 11.3}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone ,  The error function and its complement.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11-4.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 11.4}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Calculating the Gamma function.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11-5.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 11.5}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Bessel functions of the first kind.
\b0 \
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/list11-6.pas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Listing 11.6}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Bessel functions of the second kind.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/atan.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul Arc tangent}}
\b , Listing 1.3\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/asin.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul Arc sine}}
\b , Listing 1.4\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/acos.htm"}}{\fldrslt Arc cosine}}\cf0 \ulnone , Listing 1.5
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/meanstd.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b Meanstd}}
\b \cf0 \ulnone , Listing 2.1
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/sort.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul Sort}}
\b , Listing 6.2
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nmt.edu/~es421/pascal/newton4.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf2 \ul Newton4}}
\b , Listings 8.3 and 8.4}